But it's a joke.
What do you want, can I not know?
My face
It was Jiang Laoyue, the fiancee of the regent, who beat him
He is a lunatic
And the indulgence and favor of the regent
Xiaoxiao is just a daughter in the palace
I was lucky enough to save the regent
How is Miss Jiang and the Regent?
Nothing to do with me
Do you want to give up the regent?
I will be held captive for the rest of my life
Or do you think you come from a job
He will respect you
I tell you it's impossible
He can even push the prince into the water
Miss Xie means that we join forces
Get rid of Jiang Wanyue
I want to be the Princess Regent
But it allows you to do a good side flight safely
Miss
Eunuch Li is waiting for you in heaven with the settings.
I'll be right there